W-17700088-outbound-policies-fa (#757)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.9/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-included-response-timeout.adoc

= Response Timeout Policy
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images
:keywords: basic authentication, api gateway, flex gateway, gateway, policy

[width="100%", cols="5,15"]
|===
>s| Policy Name | Response Timeout

> >s|Summary | Sets a maximum duration Flex Gateway waits for a response from an upstream service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>s|Summary | Sets the maximum duration that Flex Gateway waits for a response from an upstream service
```

>s|Category | Quality of Service
>s|First Flex Gateway version available | v1.9.0
^s| Returned Status Codes | 504 - Upstream request timeout
|===

== Summary

> The Response Timeout policy enables you to set a maximum duration Flex Gateway waits for a response from an upstream service. The timeout time starts at the last request sent by Flex Gateway. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Response Timeout policy enables you to set the maximum duration that Flex Gateway waits for a response from an upstream service. The timeout time starts at the last request sent by Flex Gateway. 
```

> By default, all Flex Gateway API instances have a response timeout of 15 seconds. Apply the policy overrides this default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all Flex Gateway API instances have a response timeout of 15 seconds. Apply the policy to override the default timeout.
```

== Configuring Policy Parameters

=== Flex Gateway Local Mode

> In Flex Gateway Local Mode, you apply the policy to your API via declarative configuration files. Refer to the following policy definition and table of parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Flex Gateway Local Mode, you apply the policy to your API via declarative configuration files. Refer to this policy definition and table of parameters:
```

----
- policyRef:

>     name: response-timeout

Reviewer 2: name: response-timeout-flex

  config:
    timeout: number // REQUIRED
----

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a,a,a"]
|===
|Parameter | Required or Optional | Default Value | Description

| `timeout`
| Required
| 15
| Time in seconds Flex Gateway waits for the response.

|===

==== Resource Configuration Example

----
- policyRef:

>     name: stream-idle-timeout

Reviewer 2: name: response-timeout-flex

  config:
    timeout: 3
----

=== Flex Gateway Connected Mode

> When you apply the policy to your API from the UI, the following parameters are displayed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applying the policy to your API from the UI shows these parameters:
```
